of course we've been uh saying for a
number of months now that we are
skeptical uh because there is no
intention real intention on the part of
Israel or the United States to push for
a real ceasefire but over the past
several weeks uh the United States
rather the Biden Administration has
began to change its Stone and its stance
on the question of the ceasefire even
abstaining uh at the United Nations
security Council in favor of one and
clearly there is a push on the part of
the Biden Administration for something
to materialize this is new what's also
new is that the Israeli military is
taking a bit of a nuanced position of
late since the offensive against Rafa
has not exactly been working that they
also uh would like to see a ceasefire
the only obstacle today to AAS fire is
Netanyahu and his government everyone
else including the kataris in the
Egyptians and as I said the Americans
but even the Iranians and all the Arab
world and today we heard from hb's Chief
Hassan nah saying that certainly his
organization wants a ceasefire in Gaza
so again everyone wants a ceasefire but
not na government